We've seen that sector is a major factor that affects stock movements,
we've also practice neutralizing sector exposure.
The sector or industry classification of a stock can also be used as a feature.
Other than the fact that stocks in
the same sector tend to move together in the same direction,
it's also useful to know that certain Alpha factors may
be relevant or not relevant depending on the sector.
For instance, a value factored doesn't make much sense for a bank because banks are
not valued in the same way as other companies
that create and sell physical products or services.
Return on sales would not apply the banks because they don't create and sell products.
Return on sales, however,
would likely apply to consumer companies.
By including the sector as a feature,
we can train a model to learn when some other factors are
relevant or not relevant to stocks in each sector.